feat: add `blas/ext/base/sediff` (#10905)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/blas/ext/base/sediff/README.md

var p = new Float32Array( [ 1.0 ] );
var a = new Float32Array( [ 11.0 ] );
var out = new Float32Array( 5 );

sediff( x1.length, x1, 1, 1, p, 1, 1, a, 1, out, 1 );
// out => <Float32Array>[ 1.0, 2.0, 2.0, 2.0, 11.0 ]
```

<!-- lint disable maximum-heading-length -->

#### sediff.ndarray( N, x, strideX, offsetX, N1, prepend, strideP, offsetP, N2, append, strideA, offsetA, out, strideOut, offsetOut )

<!-- lint enable maximum-heading-length -->

Calculates the differences between consecutive elements of a single-precision floating-point strided array using alternative indexing semantics.

```javascript
var Float32Array = require( '@stdlib/array/float32' );

var x = new Float32Array( [ 2.0, 4.0, 6.0, 8.0, 10.0 ] );
var p = new Float32Array( [ 1.0 ] );
var a = new Float32Array( [ 11.0 ] );
var out = new Float32Array( 6 );

sediff.ndarray( x.length, x, 1, 0, 1, p, 1, 0, 1, a, 1, 0, out, 1, 0 );
// out => <Float32Array>[ 1.0, 2.0, 2.0, 2.0, 2.0, 11.0 ]
```

The function has the following additional parameters:

-   **offsetX**: starting index for `x`.
-   **offsetP**: starting index for `prepend`.
-   **offsetA**: starting index for `append`.
-   **offsetOut**: starting index for `out`.

> While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, the offset parameter supports indexing semantics based on a starting index. For example, to access only the last three elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While [`typed array`][mdn-typed-array] views mandate a view offset based on the underlying buffer, offset parameters support indexing semantics based on starting indices. For example, to access only the last three elements:
```
